an Al jazer investigation has found that
the Israeli military intentionally
targeted the well Central Kitchen Convoy
in three consecutive air strikes despite
being called a tragic accident by Israel
here's what the evidence shows the world
Central Kitchen says it three vehicles
left the warehouse here in De abala
sometime around 10:30 p.m. local time on
Monday April 1st Convoy traveled Just 4
kilm making it to Rasheed Street along
the
coast Witnesses say the first vehicle
was hit by a missile there just before
10:45 p.m. the injured was seen being
transferred from the first car to the
second armored vehicle the second car
made it 800 M south from the first
attack when it too was bombed killing
everyone inside photos from the scene
clearly show it was hit straight through
the roof by a projectile from above the
Third vehicle in the Convoy made it a
further 1,600 M turning off the main
road in an attempt to avoid destruction
before it was hit by a third and final
strike also through its roof the cars
were clearly marked and the
international a group had told the
Israeli military of its team's
whereabouts giving them the coordinates
questions remain as to why the Israeli
military targeted this Aid Convoy it's
uh definitely
brutal uh but whether it's brutal as a a
matter of
highlevel policy to to discourage other
Aid NOS from uh risking a repetition of
this kind of
disaster or whether H it was something
that uh went somewhat wrong in its
execution and
authorization in an area deprived of
fuel and petrol there would have been
little traffic mostly Aid trucks and
Israeli military vehicles in the area
the aid cars were moving in a three
vehicle Convoy clearly marked from
above the missiles used were of a type
that maximize destruction in a very
small space primarily used for targeted
operations in urban areas Chris cob
Smith is an experienced weapons expert
who has worked in Gaza and has seen
similar weapons used I went out with
some NGS humanitarian NOS looking at
potential war crimes looking at
potential human right
um
violations and back then this is what 13
or so years ago it began to transpire
there was a weapon system being used
for I wouldn't say t targeted
assassinations but to Target very
specific individuals groups uh buildings
in in particular cars and this weapon
system produces just the sort of effect
we're seeing on these um we seen on
these
vehicles among the dead were three
Security Consultants hired by World
Central Kitchen whose job would have
been to Lia with the Israeli military on
their whereabouts the fact that the
Convoy was hit several times each strike
some distance and time apart suggest
that this act was intentional and that
the Convoy was deliberately
destroyed Alex gatopoulos Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero